{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 For this project we will have to use a database of some sort, because there is a lot of data that has to stored en accessed later on. This data may also have to be accessed at an other location for example, the patients progress has to be viewed by the therapist and the therapist needn't be at the same location. The team's preference for a database type is a SQL database that is "in the cloud". We have chosen for this type because we all have experience with SQL and is relatively easy to understand. We have chosen for "in the cloud" because than it will be accessible everywhere and we have no maintenance for the server and we don't even have to buy a server or domain etc. \
The login names and passwords for each patient is stored in the database, so the patient can login wherever they are (if they have the software of course). For each patient his/her progress is also stored in the database, this is very important for the therapist because they don't see each other on a regular basis. The social events outside of the therapy will also be saved, so the avatar can 'remember' it and talk about it with the patient some time in the future.\
\
Because the server or the patients internet connection can be offline, the patients progress and everything else that can be stored in the database, is first saved locally at the patients hard drive. And than it is synced with the server.}